toolbar:			flat solid
toolbar.color:			#980806

toolbar.button:			raised crossdiagonal gradient bevel2
toolbar.button.color:		#a8a6a6
toolbar.button.colorTo:		black
toolbar.button.picColor:	white

toolbar.button.pressed:		flat solid
toolbar.button.pressed.color:	grey20

toolbar.label:			raised diagonal gradient bevel2
toolbar.label.color:		#a8a6a6
toolbar.label.colorTo:		black
toolbar.label.textColor:	white

toolbar.windowLabel:		raised crossdiagonal gradient bevel2
toolbar.windowLabel.color:	#a8a6a6
toolbar.windowLabel.colorTo:	black
toolbar.windowLabel.textColor:	white

toolbar.clock:			raised crossdiagonal gradient bevel2
toolbar.clock.color:		black
toolbar.clock.colorTo:		#a8a6a6
toolbar.clock.textColor:	white

toolbar.justify:		center
toolbar.font:			lucidasans-10

menu.title:			raised crossdiagonal gradient
menu.title.color:		#980806
menu.title.colorTo:		black
menu.title.textColor:		white
menu.title.font:		lucidasans-10
menu.title.justify:		right

menu.frame:			flat crossdiagonal gradient bevel2
menu.frame.color:		black
menu.frame.colorTo:		#a8a6a6
menu.frame.textColor:		white
menu.frame.disableColor:	grey20
menu.frame.font:		lucidasans-10
menu.frame.justify:		left

menu.bullet.position:		right
menu.bullet:			round

menu.hilite:			raised crossdiagonal gradient bevel1
menu.hilite.color:		#a8a6a6
menu.hilite.colorTo:		black
menu.hilite.textColor:		white

window.title.focus:		flat solid
window.title.focus.color:	#980806

window.title.unfocus:		flat solid
window.title.unfocus.color:	black

window.label.focus:		raised crossdiagonal gradient bevel1
window.label.focus.color:	black
window.label.focus.colorTo:	#a8a6a6
window.label.focus.textColor:	white

window.label.unfocus:		flat solid
window.label.unfocus.color:	black
window.label.unfocus.textColor:	grey60

window.button.focus:		raised crossdiagonal gradient bevel2
window.button.focus.color:	#a8a6a6
window.button.focus.colorTo:	black
window.button.focus.picColor:	white

window.button.unfocus:		flat solid
window.button.unfocus.color:	black
window.button.unfocus.picColor:	black
window.button.pressed:		flat crossdiagonal gradient
window.button.pressed.color:	grey40
window.button.pressed.colorTo:	grey20

window.handle.focus:		raised crossdiagonal gradient
window.handle.focus.color:	#980806
window.handle.focus.colorTo:	black
window.handle.unfocus:		flat solid
window.handle.unfocus.color:	black

window.grip.focus:		raised crossdiagonal gradient
window.grip.focus.color:	#a8a6a6
window.grip.focus.colorTo:	black
window.grip.unfocus:		flat solid
window.grip.unfocus.color:	black

window.frame.focusColor:	#980806
window.frame.unfocusColor:	black

window.font:			lucidasans-10
window.justify:			center

borderColor:			black

bevelWidth:			1
borderWidth:			1
handleWidth:			4

*textColor:			white
*Font:				lucidasans-10

rootCommand:			bsetroot -gradient interlacedflatcrossdiagonalgradient -from rgb:4c/04/03 -to black
